hello darling Griffin I run the
outbreak this month's for both
reels of fortune
this is my boat it's a starting
point seven foot to be a team
built Lord and lobster boat
engine 3208 caterpillar 320
horsepower very economical
that's one of the things that
allows us to do a little better
that's a good 200 gallons of
fuel back behind this underneath
the deck we can usually go two
maybe three days at the most
that we have to come in and get
fuel we have a couple of books
over here to the right way up
efficient storage we got our
place locker we've got a toad
that's got a extra year our
greens think banks are in the
basket
everything's kind of time here
because we don't have a lot of
room but that's okay we don't
need a lot of room we're just
gonna we need more room back
here for the fish we don't need
you up here for comfort
we have everything we need we
got in a chart water we've got
DHS we've got a whore polit we
go ponder machine and then we
got radar of all that so your
safety equipment we keep up top
if we need it we want to be able
to get to it today something
happens we have a four-man life
raft the tall stick is our
greenstick that's my offer
that's our claim to fame with
his bluefin fishery which we
have outriggers we pull values
off of those with the fishing
holes this is my hydraulic
bandit reel reel which is this
like a rod and reel but it's it
holds heavier mono we pull the
green sticker so much pressure
on the stick itself just to
present the Bates to the kids
we have to have heavy scale
model phone and in doing so we
have to have a bear small
something that will happen just
getting in and out requires
hydraulics this is our
refrigerator know some of these
guys are really breaking up
their generators all the
luxuries of her unfortunately
oh that's my refrigerator not a
lot but it's all we need we're
going to catch as many fish as
the big-budget we're going to
show you that we can get it done
with a little bit we're gonna go
hard at it look forward to
showing you gossip